Inheritance
-------------------
1) If  a  class  is  acquiring  properties  of  a  different  class,  it  is  known  as  inheritance.

2) class    c2 : public  c1
    {
    };

3) class  c2  is  derived  from  class  c1.

4) Members(i.e. data  members  and   member  functions)  of  class  c1  are  inherited  to  class  c2.

5) class  c2  contains  all  the  features  of  class  c1  and  new  features.

6) class  c2  is  an  extension  of    class  c1.

7) :  operator   is  used  to  inherit  a  class.

8) class  c1  is  called  parent  class , super  class , base  class  or  old  class.
   class  c2  is  called  child  class  , sub  class , derived  class  or  new  class.

9) Inheritance  is  used  to  add  new  features  to  an  existing  class  without  explicitly  modifying  it.
    Thus  a   class  can  be   enhanced  by  using  inheritance

10) Let  class  c1  contains  3  data   members  and  4   member   functions  and
      class  c2  contains  5  data  members   and  6  member  functions,
      class  c2  on  the  whole  contains  3 + 5 = 8  data  members  and  4 + 6 = 10  member  functions

11) Inheritance  is  from  class  to  class  but  not  from  object  to  object.
      i.e.  When  child  object  is  created,  contents  of  parent  object  are  not  copied  to  child  object

12) public  and  protected  members  are  inherited  but  not  private  members

13) constructors  are  not  inherited  becoz  child  class  name  and  inherited  constructor  name  are  different

14) If  parent  class  and  child  class  contain  members  with  same  name,  they  are  distinguished    by   using
      classname ::

15) Parent   class  functions  are  called    wrt  parent  object  and  both  child  and  parent   functions  are  called
      wrt  child  object.

16) Let    parent  class  contains  3  functions  and  child  class  contain  5  functions,
      Parent  p;
      Child   c;
      We  can  call  only    3  functions  wrt  object    'p'  and  3 + 5 = 8  functions wrt  object    'c'
